# Mobile Action Assessment

  Mobile Action helps their customers to achieve their goals in terms of increased impressions, increased download through Apple Search Ads Optimization. To make an analogy, Mobile Action is like what is SEMRush for SEO but for Apple Search. They enable their customers to more effectively use their marketing budget by gathering data about search keywords and let them pick keywords that has high value to price.

All kinds of customers who has an app on the AppStore and want to increase their downloads could utilise Mobile Action; however, I think that small to medium sized companies which have limited budget should be the main aim of Mobile Action, as they want to maximize their value per dollar since they have much more limited and less budget compared to bigger rivals. To be honest, when I checked the pricing for different plans, the free plan is really comprehensive to be free, the difference between the upper version, 'Startup' may not attract customers. If this decision was made intentionally, to boost the sales of the 'Growth' version, in my opinion, it will not be very effective as the gap between the the two, 'Startup'and 'Growth' is too much. 

The I think that general sales process is first, the customer finds Mobile Action through organic search or advertisements. Then when they visit the website, they are greeted with multiple CTA's. If they do not directly interact with the CTA's and look for further information, which most of the people do, they bump into another CTA from chatbox. If they start a free trial, then a contact by sales team after the trial period or after using Mobile Action for some time could increase the likelyhood that they will increase their plan to a paid one. 
